greetings earthlings how's it going this
is heather from iOS planet and today i'm
bringing you a team battle live
commentary on pixel gun 3d and today i'm
going to be talking about the most
active month that's the title so that's
what I'm gonna be talking about is that
that's the total know me by the way it's
lagging because i'm recording so if i do
bad I am terribly sorry but um yeah most
active month cept timber and the reason
it's most active month your little
little boy iOS planet it's gonna be
uploading a video every single day for
30 days straight every single day
everyone everyone not missing a day and
the reason i'm going to do error the way
i'm going to be doing that is i don't
have school monday i am recording this
thursday so what's going to be going
down is i'm going to be recording a
friday saturday and sunday what i'm
gonna do is i'm going to get 30 videos
ready and that's pretty much what's
going to go down i'm gonna get 30 videos
ready by Oh check out that voice crack
yo 30 videos by monday because monday is
a sep tember first i want red team but
what are you doing you wasting your
email so September first I'm gonna have
30 videos done and you know I'm not
going to be able to upload all 30 of
them at once so what is what i'm gonna
do is like every day i'm going to upload
two videos but i'm only
have one we actually upload you know I
may upload more than one a day but only
one video is going to be able to watch
by you guys are you guys are only going
to be able to watch one of the videos
every day I'm just going to schedule all
the videos to upload next day so it's
all going to be scheduled uploads the
only downside about this is they're not
gonna be videos made that day so like if
there's something that happens like I
don't know like an update on the game
I'm not gonna have a video on that all
of these are going to be pre-recorded
videos that's the only downside about
this but I'm gonna have a video every
single day so um I'm gonna need you guys
as help with video ideas to get all the
videos done by monday i'm going to be
doing gun reviews and going to do gun
comparisons i'm going to do some tips
and tricks i'm gonna start possibly
doing minecraft pocket edition again i'm
thinking about just starting a new world
because we didn't have that much done we
just you know pretty much had our house
we didn't find anything special or
nothing like that on the old world so
let me know what you guys think about
that for the Minecraft Pocket Edition do
you guys just want Minecraft Pocket
Edition period or do you want that
specific world because I mean we only
have three episodes on the world so I
mean we can I can restart it without you
know being that upset so just let me
know what you guys think definitely give
me some video ideas because I need them
because I have to make 30 videos the
only hard part is gonna be like getting
them all set up uploaded scheduled and a
thumbnails made for all of them but uh
shouldn't be that hard because I have
quite a few days to get it set up so in
the comments down below that's that's
what's going to be the comments let me
know what videos you guys want to see
definitely done pixel gun of course but
yeah again just tell me what you guys
want to see tell me about that minecraft
world what you guys want to do about
that you want me to make a new one or
try to work my butt off to get the old
one back
so yeah hope you guys enjoyed the video
if you did drop a like subscribe from
where I was gaming videos all my social
networks will be in the description so
definitely give me a bill give me a
follow on those I follow everyone back
one hundred percent on Instagram so if
you don't have that many followers I can
definitely be one of them my second
channel is in the description as well
whomps FFA we could check that out for
console games and call of duty and stuff
like that and oh yeah issues Tyler from
Iowa's planet and hope you guys are
excited for the most active month ever
peace